DOC: Add AI agent guide for ITK development (#5607)
InsightSoftwareConsortium/ITK: AGENTS.md

# ITK AI Agent Guide

ITK (Insight Toolkit) is a cross-platform, open-source toolkit for N-dimensional scientific image processing, segmentation, and registration. This guide helps AI agents navigate ITK's unique architecture and development workflows.

## Architecture Overview

### Modular Structure
ITK uses a **module-based architecture** where each module is a self-contained unit with dependencies. Modules are organized in:
- `Modules/Core/` - Essential classes (Image, Region, Point, Vector, pipeline infrastructure)
- `Modules/Filtering/` - Image processing filters

> - `Modules/IO/` - Image I/O for various formats (JPEG, PNG, NIFTI, DICOM, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Modules/IO/` - I/O for images, transforms, and meshes for various formats (JPEG, PNG, NIFTI, DICOM, VTK, HDF5, etc.)
```

- `Modules/Registration/` - Image registration algorithms
- `Modules/Segmentation/` - Segmentation algorithms
- `Modules/Numerics/` - Optimization and numerical methods
- `Modules/ThirdParty/` - Vendored dependencies (HDF5, JPEG, TIFF, VNL, Eigen3)
- `Modules/Bridge/` - Bridges to VTK, NumPy
- `Modules/Remote/` - External modules fetched during build

Each module has an `itk-module.cmake` file declaring dependencies:
```cmake
itk_module(ITKCommon
  DEPENDS ITKEigen3 ITKVNL
  PRIVATE_DEPENDS ITKDoubleConversion
  COMPILE_DEPENDS ITKKWSys
  TEST_DEPENDS ITKTestKernel ITKMesh
  DESCRIPTION "Core ITK classes..."
)
```

### Template-Heavy C++ Design
ITK extensively uses **C++ templates** and **generic programming** for:
- Dimension-agnostic code (2D, 3D, nD images)
- Type flexibility (pixel types: unsigned char, float, RGB, etc.)
- Compile-time polymorphism via traits and policy classes

Example: `itk::Image<TPixel, VImageDimension>` where both parameters are compile-time.

### Pipeline Architecture
ITK uses a **data pipeline** pattern:

> - **Process objects** (`itk::ProcessObject`) perform computations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Process objects** (`itk::ProcessObject`, e.g. most filters) perform computations
```
